[campus](campus) /  [courses](courses) /

What
====

**UniversIT is an online university and campus for IT, aimed
at fostering knowledge, skill, and the social wellbeing of
its members.**

A university is usually providing a curriculum, via a
cursus of courses one can attend for a fee, in order to
pay the professors and teachers.

UniversIT does not provide the courses itself, since the
Internet is already full of such platforms, and so,
instead, provides a aggregation of links to such
platforms.

A university is also nothing without the Human element,
the students and the campus activities.

UniversIT is focused mainly on that aspect, providing much
needed extra-curricular activies and social activities to
its members. Please note however that UniversIT is *not* a
social platform in the sense of [social
media](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_media). The
social aspect of UniversIT is meant to be conveyed via
text, and very limited audio and visual media, rather than
mainly through those.

Why
===

During the course of our lives, and in our modern times,
we have all observed a progressive individual
ostracization, a widespread phenomenon driven by an
en-masse adoption of social media (originally caused by
the en-masse adoption of the iphone by clueless masses of
unsuspecting people with no experience or culture of the
Internet).

We think that the solution to that problem involves
returning to the roots of the Internet, without the so
called "social media", to build a space where
socialization happens candidly, spontaneously; and not via
an adrenaline-fueled algorithm-based never-ending race,
focused on showboating, that promotes stupidity, all
caused by a remorseless, inconsiderate "optimization for
the platform profits" implemented via the most brutal of
brute-force methods.

Therefore, UniversIT is geared at facilitating
socialization among small groups of people first, part of
a bigger community second, and without the involvment of
cerebral hacking methods such as notifications, clickbait,
empty content, AI slop, and "suggestions".

How
===

By providing an online space that facilitates learning,
experimenting, collaborating, and socializing, we hope to
entice you to abandon the social media junk, and return to
more a Humane online experience, where technology is
science, not magic; and where you are genuinely interested
in the content you take part in creating, as opposed to
addicted to noise that you consume simply because it is
there.

Who
===

This website and the related UniversIT services were
originally thought and designed by 7heo, with the feedback
from Thyrion.

And of course, this could not exist without you.
